---
name: Content Integration
---

The @ngaox/devkit provides builders that work with the concepts of content parsers and builders to integrate content into your Angular app.

## Configuration

The builders use the `ngaox.config.js` file to determine how to parse and build content. The file should export a configuration object with a `content` property that defines the different types of content to be processed.

### Example Configuration

Here's an example configuration file that defines two types of content, `docs` and `myCustomKey`, and specifies their corresponding builders, parsers, and other properties:

```js
module.exports = {
  content: {
    docs: {
      dir: 'docs/content',
      builder: new DocsBuilder(require('./docs.sections'))
    },
    myCustomKey: {
      glob: '**/*.md', // **/*.md by default
      parser: rawParser, // markdownParser by default
      builder: new MyCustomBuilder(), // GenericBuilder by default
      extra: {} // Extra properties to be passed to the builder
    }
  }
};
```

The `docs` content is located in the `docs/content` directory and is built using the `DocsBuilder` with the `docs.sections.js` file as a parameter. The `myCustomKey` content is located in the root directory and is built using the `MyCustomBuilder` with a custom parser called `rawParser`.

## Parsers

Parsers are used to convert raw content into an intermediate format that can be processed by the builders. The @ngaox/devkit provides two default parsers:

- `rawParser`: Parses files as raw content without any modification.
- `markdownParser`: Parses Markdown files into json objects that can be treated better in your Angular application.

You can also create your own custom parser and use it in your configuration file.

## Builders

Builders are used to generate the final output from the intermediate format generated by the parsers. The @ngaox/devkit provides two default builders:

- `DocsBuilder`: Builds Markdown files into section based documentation site content (like [this site](https://ngaox-lab.web.app/))
- `GenericBuilder`: Builds files as is, with no further modifications and generates a content-map you can access in `/~content/{youContentKey}/~content-map.json`
- `ContestsBuilder`: Check out: https://github.com/rabraghib/moroccan-phpers
- `IconsBuilder`: Used to optimize SVG icons and automatically register them with `@ngaox/icons`.
  See: [Registering SVG icons with @ngaox/devkit Builders](https://ngaox-lab.web.app/docs/icons#registering-svg-icons-with-ngaoxdevkit-builders) section

You can also create your own custom builder and use it in your configuration file.
